README.md, before:

# roll20-daggerheart-sheet
A character sheet for [Darrington Press](https://darringtonpress.com/)'s TTRPG, [Daggerheart](https://www.daggerheart.com/), made for the VTT, [Roll20](https://roll20.net).

## Features
- **v1.0**
    - Implements macros and roll templates for Duality Dice and damage.
    - Supports rolling with Advantage or Disadvantage with a simple prompt before each Duality Dice roll.
    - Tracks Armor, Hit Points, Stress, and Hope.
    - Auto-populates base values for Evasion, Hit Points, and Stress based on Class selection.
    - Auto-populates Features with SRD text based on Class, Subclass, Ancestry, and Community selections.
    - Supports Mixed Ancestry and auto-populates Features for all corebook Ancestries depending on player selections.
    - Supports Custom Classes, Subclasses, Ancestries, and Communities.
    - Tracks all player-inputted Domain Effects.

- **v1.1**
    - Implements Short Rest, Long Rest, and Session Reset functionality for Domains and Features.
    - Tracks which corebook Features refresh under what conditions, automatically informing you of what they are and marking them as ready to be used again.
    - Implements multiclassing functionality and auto-populates Features for all corebook Classes depending on Player selections.

## Future Plans
- **v1.2** - implement prettier styling and images for the sheet. (*Estimated Release Date:* mid-August)
- **v1.3** - implement all corebook Domain Effects to auto-populate SRD text. (*Estimated Release Date:* ???)

Commit message:

v1.1.1 commit - inventory tab, print functionality, mag/phys damage toggle, Domain Effect filtering

README.md, after:

# roll20-daggerheart-sheet
A character sheet for [Darrington Press](https://darringtonpress.com/)'s TTRPG, [Daggerheart](https://www.daggerheart.com/), made for the VTT, [Roll20](https://roll20.net).

## Features
- Implements macros and roll templates for Duality Dice and damage.
- Supports rolling with Advantage or Disadvantage and modifiers with a prompt before each Duality Dice roll.
- Tracks Armor, Hit Points, Stress, Hope, Gold, and Inventory.
- Auto-populates base values for Evasion, Hit Points, and Stress based on Class selection.
- Auto-populates Features with SRD text based on Class, Subclass, Ancestry, and Community selections.
- Implements multiclassing functionality and auto-populates Features for all corebook Classes depending on Player selections.
- Supports Mixed Ancestry and auto-populates Features for all corebook Ancestries depending on player selections.
- Supports Custom Classes, Subclasses, Ancestries, Communities, and Domain Effects.
- Tracks all player-inputted Domain Effects.
- Filters Vaulted Domain Effects for easy viewing of what's available.
- Implements Short Rest, Long Rest, and Session Reset functionality for Domains and Features.
- Tracks which corebook Features refresh under what conditions, automatically informing you of what they are and marking them as ready to be used again.
- Prints to chat Features and Domain Effects with a single button press.

## Future Plans
- **v1.2** - implement prettier styling and images for the sheet. (*Estimated Release Date:* mid-August)
- **v1.3** - implement all corebook Domain Effects to auto-populate SRD text. (*Estimated Release Date:* ???)
